//Robert wrote this, delete this line after you proofread it, make adjustment to it, and ready to submit it

Goals: 

1. Team's goal: build an abc player which is able to play an extensive amount of generic music files.

2. Personal goals:  gain experience in designing and implementing programs in the with immutable 
types and abstract type, inventing and creating an software collaboratively in a team.

3. Possible obstacles and solutions: based on our various experiences and backgrounds, we might have
different work habits and different expectations for efforts and results. Thus, we need to agree with
the expectation for efforts and results earlier in the process 

Meeting Norms: 
1. Meeting times and styles: We will use the in-class time and recitation time constructively to have 
group meetings to work on the project together. We will probably try to meet up for couple 3 to 4
hour sessions every 2 days to talk about each member's progress. Because we have a Wellesly student
on our team, we will use Skype for group meetings when aren't able to physically meet and work together.
During the meeting, we will also modify and adjust our goals and work distributions. 

2. Work Distribution and assigning tasks: we will different assign tasks to each member based on their 
personal interest and skill sets. 
Team will ideally work on at least 2 different parts of the project. When we meet, we will explain
what each person is working on to the rest of the team and also help each other out if we have
problems. The work distribution will be subject to dynamic changes as we work on the project. 

3. We will divide up the project into 3-4 days intervals, and set a goal and deadline for each time
interval. 

4. We will use comments on the files as a way of recording the person who will be responsible for the task, 
as well as reviewing teammates' work. 

5. During the meetings, we will become more familiar with each other and become friends even outside the class;. 
In this way, we will have less chance of someone dropping the project in the middle or missing a specific
deadline or task. 

Ifmissing deadline and tasks happen, we will get in touch with each teammate ASAP and try 
to understand if there is a problem with work distribution or time management and try to resolve the problem,
adjust work distribution and deadlines accordingly.
In the case of 1 or 2 teammates stop working the project, again help each other out to resolve issues and adjust
work distribution and deadlines accordingly.

6. work will be reviewed regularly during our group meetings. If people have different opinions on the work, 
we will try to establish a mutual understanding of the difficulties of the task and feasibility of the solutions.

Decision Making: 
1. We will design a flow chart for the project and make sure each teammate understand what each part of the project
does. For that part, we will have team consensus. After the work distribution, before each team mate starts implementing
his/her part of the project, he/she needs to talk to at least 1 other team mate about his/her idea of the implementation. 
